1. DONE the root view should not have a focus rectangle shown
2. DONE widgets should only register clicks on mouse up
3. DONE when mouse down, check for scrolling of layouts first
4. DONE Minimum font size for all standard widgets is 18.0 pts, store this in res/theme/default.ini under [System] as FontSize and use it in main.cpp where the font is loaded.
5. DONE Also do the same for font family , under [System] have a FontFamily key and set its value to a path such as res/fonts/Roboto-Regular.ttf. Implement a string_value() function if needed in ThemeDB
6. DONE Widgets should unfocus after clicking outside or on another widgets
7. DONE Theme Editor
	Allow renaming of keys and sections
	Allow moving of keys to different section
8. DONE Theme improvements
	Allow reading values from different sections instead of reading it from values section by default
9. Add license header from main.cpp to all other cpp files
10. DONE Add schema support to theme  Editor
A schema is a JSON file which describes the structure of a theme.
For example, a schema could describe that a theme has a [Colors] section and a [Fonts] section.
And it should also describe the type of values that can be stored in each section.
We also integrate this schema into the theme validator section.
Add File>Preferences and when clicked will open a preferences dialog with a usual tab-style layout.
Under Schema tab, add a button "Edit Default Schema" when clicked will open a schema editor window.
The schema editor should be a seperate file in source.
The schema editor should have a tree view of the schema, and add common controls to add, edit, delete sections and keys, just like the main theme editor.
Double clicking on a key should open a dialog to edit the key type from a list of types such as color, int, float, string, bool, etc.
each type should have a validator in the theme validator of theme editor.
the schema should be saved under theme_editor/data/schema.json (mkdir -p the directory)
this is the default schema path and the schema editor will only open and save to this file.
so no need to add an open file item for schema editor.
the schema is just a suggestion of what are the officially supported keys by izotrox and their types for the type checker.

11. Add an update<all|file> command to the theme editor cli to batch update files